README.md, before:

## [JamStack App Landed](https://appseed.us/apps/static/panini/jamstack-landed)
Designed by HTML5 Up, Coded as [JAMstack App](https://jamstack-landed.appseed.us/) by AppSeed 

![JamStack Landed](https://github.com/app-generator/jamstack-landed/blob/master/screenshots/jamstack-landed.jpg)

## How to use it
- Clone this repo `git clone https://github.com/app-generator/jamstack-landed.git`
- change directory to `jamstack-landed`
- `yarn` - install deps
- `yarn start` - live edit
- `yarn build` - build for production in directory `_site`
- `yarn deploy` - build & LIVE deploy `Info: edit FTP credentials in deploy.js `

## JAMstack related Resources
- Blog Articles related to [JAMstack](https://blog.appseed.us/tag/jamstack/)
- [What is JAMstack](https://blog.appseed.us/what-is-jamstack/) - comprehensive article about JAMstack
- [JAMstack.org](https://jamstack.org/)
- A curated list with production-ready [JAMstack Apps](https://appseed.us/apps/jamstack)
- A curated list with [JAMstack Apps](https://github.com/jamstack-apps/jamstack) published on Github

---
Made with ♥ by [AppSeed](https://appseed.us?ref=github)

Commit message:

Update the app with documentation link

README.md, after:

# HTML5 Up Landed coded in JAMstack
Open-Source App coded on top of **HTML5 Up landed design** in **JAMstack** architecture.

![HTML5 Up Landed design coded in JAMstack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/static/master/html5up-landed/html5up-landed-coded-in-jamstack.jpg)

## App Links
---
 - [JAMstack Landed](https://appseed.us/apps/jamstack/html5up-landed) - product page
 - Live [demo](https://jamstack-landed.appseed.us)
 - [Documentation](https://docs.appseed.us/apps/html5up/html5up-landed-coded-in-jamstack/)
 - [HTML5 Up Landed](https://html5up.net/landed) - the original product

## How to use it
- Clone this repo `git clone https://github.com/app-generator/jamstack-landed.git`
- change directory to `jamstack-landed`
- `yarn` - install deps
- `yarn start` - live edit
- `yarn build` - build for production in directory `_site`
- `yarn deploy` - build & LIVE deploy `Info: edit FTP credentials in deploy.js `

## JAMstack related Resources
- Blog Articles related to [JAMstack](https://blog.appseed.us/tag/jamstack/)
- [What is JAMstack](https://blog.appseed.us/what-is-jamstack/) - comprehensive article about JAMstack
- [JAMstack.org](https://jamstack.org/)
- A curated list with production-ready [JAMstack Apps](https://appseed.us/apps/jamstack)
- A curated list with [JAMstack Apps](https://github.com/jamstack-apps/jamstack) published on Github

---
Made with ♥ by [AppSeed](https://appseed.us?ref=github)
